(ISSUE #14)

To see the correct behavior for new talk proposals, go to the http://atlrug3.herokuapp.com/ web site and click on the
"Give a talk?" button item. Fill in the 5 fields and push the Submit button.

I have not seen the approval behavior so please see the skalnik's cucumber specs for hints.

Now go the http://atlrug4.herokuapp.com/ web site and click on the "Give a talk?" button item and you just get a placeholder text.

The Old code is in Mike's account: https://github.com/skalnik/atlrug3 repo.
I forked it too and have been sending pull requests back.

The New code is now in https://github.com/atlrug/atlrug4 repo.

Here is location of the talk/proposal related code.

Spec:
 * spec/models/talk_spec.rb

Cucumber:
 * features/proposals.feature
 * features/step_definitions/proposals_steps.rb

Here is db migrate scripts;
 * db/migrate/20120320230418_create_talks.rb
 * db/migrate/20120322034209_add_approved_to_talks.rb
 * db/migrate/20120322000043_add_email_twitter_and_description_to_talks.rb

Model:
 * app/models/talk.rb

Controller:
 * app/controllers/talks_controller.rby

Helper:
 * app/helpers/talks_helper.rb

Views/Decorators:
 * app/views/talks
 * app/views/content/_talks.html.haml
 * app/decorators/talk_decorator.rbx

......................................................................
UPDATE (5/6/2013):

Realized that the Twitter Bootstrap code maybe be involved too and I did
not port that part. I created a separate Github issue (#18) for that work.

These are the files with "bootstrap" in the filename:
 * app/assets/javascripts/bootstrap.js.coffee
 * app/assets/stylesheets/bootstrap_and_overrides.css.less
 * app/assets/javascripts/application.js (1 new line/BOOTSTRAP)
 * config/locales/en.bootstrap.yml (when you install Twitter bootstrap
 *  app/assets/stylesheets/application.css (comment with 2 require_*'s)
